README.md, before:

### Date created
21.09.2019

### Project Title
Bikesharing

### Description
In this project I created for an undacity nanodegree python code to provide information on bikesharing data for three American cities. 

Basically, the user starts the code in the command line using python bikshare.py and simply response to the questions promted. After receiving some information on the data for a specific city the user can also see the raw data if she/he is interested. 

On a technical level the python code leverages the input command which allows it to work with user input in the terminal. The while command was also cruucial, especially at the end when different True False conditions were helpufl in allowing reoccuring input-requests.

### Files used
Include the files used

### Credits
I would like to thank the udacity team which created the intro nano degree for inspiring me to do this project (and for teaching me the necessary basic skills) https://www.udacity.com

I found the below mentioned sources useful (beyond the material in this course):

http://sweetme.at/2014/01/22/how-to-get-user-input-from-the-command-line-in-a-python-script/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2146419/how-to-do-while-loops-with-multiple-conditions

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2960772/ddg#2962966            

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14689531/ddg#14689821

https://www.programcreek.com/python/example/7272/calendar.month_abbr 

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10624937/ddg#10624968

http://www.datasciencemadesimple.commode-function-python-pandas-dataframe-row-column-wise-mode/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2960772/how-do-i-put-a-variable-inside-a-string

https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-repeat-a-program-again-and-again-using-loop-in-Python

Commit message:

added info about files used and corrected typos

README.md, after:

### Date created
21.09.2019

### Project Title
Bikesharing

### Description
In this project I created for an undacity nanodegree python code to provide information on bikesharing data for three American cities. 

Basically, the user starts the code in the command line using python bikshare.py and simply response to the questions promted. After receiving some information on the data for a specific city the user can also see the raw data if she/he is interested. 

On a technical level the python code leverages the input command which allows it to work with user input in the terminal. The while command was also crucial, especially at the end when different True False conditions were helpful in allowing reoccuring input-requests.

### Files used
Include files in this project were csv files with data about bikesharing in Chicago, Washington and New York. Furhtermore, this README.mf file is used for documentation and one addtional file Sources, which is not on Github because I included the information now below under Credits.

### Credits
I would like to thank the udacity team which created the intro nano degree for inspiring me to do this project (and for teaching me the necessary basic skills) https://www.udacity.com

I found the below mentioned sources useful (beyond the material in this course):

http://sweetme.at/2014/01/22/how-to-get-user-input-from-the-command-line-in-a-python-script/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2146419/how-to-do-while-loops-with-multiple-conditions

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2960772/ddg#2962966            

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14689531/ddg#14689821

https://www.programcreek.com/python/example/7272/calendar.month_abbr 

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10624937/ddg#10624968

http://www.datasciencemadesimple.commode-function-python-pandas-dataframe-row-column-wise-mode/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2960772/how-do-i-put-a-variable-inside-a-string

https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-repeat-a-program-again-and-again-using-loop-in-Python
